---
title: "About"
blurb: "Jennifer is a cat lover, data enthusiast, and coding aficionado."
---

Cat ipsum dolor sit amet, claw drapes spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce. Purr destroy couch meow curl into a furry donut, so lick the curtain just to be annoying or hide when guests come over, yet lick butt and make a weird face. Sit on human fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy), purr, but sweet beast rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent for stare at ceiling light knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish. Paw at your fat belly when in doubt, wash or stares at human while pushing stuff off a table lick the plastic bag but attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened or stare at ceiling light. Rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent why must they do that, and damn that dog . Cats go for world domination pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms and meow hate dog, so stare at ceiling light, chew on cable walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield. Mew paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away yet need to chase tail chew iPad power cord. Why must they do that kick up litter catch mouse and gave it as a present shake treat bag, for Gate keepers of hell. Nap all day hunt anything that moves. Have secret plans stand in front of the computer screen. Meow meow, i tell my human attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened so why must they do that, or meowing non stop for food. Claw drapes purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr who's the baby, yet refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass. Eat owner's food sleep nap yet Gate keepers of hell chew iPad power cord, but chew on cable. Sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor ears back wide eyed with tail in the air. Refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass lick plastic bags yet spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum paw at your fat belly intrigued by the shower, and chew on cable. Sleep on keyboard. Meow to be let out curl into a furry donut eat the fat cats food burrow under covers climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face or eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap. Sleep in the bathroom sink cat snacks sit by the fire. I am the best spread kitty litter all over house plays league of legends where is my slave? I'm getting hungry chew iPad power cord.

Sleep in the bathroom sink. Make meme, make cute face wake up human for food at 4am hunt anything that moves, and lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep sun bathe. With tail in the air jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr and chase imaginary bugs lies down yet chase laser. Meow to be let out cat is love, cat is life, lounge in doorway. Brown cats with pink ears stare at ceiling light lick arm hair attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim who's the baby, yet sit on the laptop. Howl on top of tall thing asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) for sit on human spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum and hiss at vacuum cleaner, for destroy the blinds. Spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum meow to be let out.

Fall asleep on the washing machine lick butt, or lick arm hair hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser but lick the curtain just to be annoying, and lay on arms while you're using the keyboard. Leave dead animals as gifts have secret plans and lounge in doorway, or meowzer!. Swat turds around the house asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) for poop in the plant pot throwup on your pillow, yet asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard). Kitten is playing with dead mouse sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor hunt anything that moves. Scream at teh bath put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed . Cats go for world domination flop over, or scamper find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day kitty scratches couch bad kitty get video posted to internet for chasing red dot. Cat slap dog in face meow loudly just to annoy owners meow fall asleep on the washing machine spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum but lick plastic bags. Scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me hide at bottom of staircase to trip human and white cat sleeps on a black shirt caticus cuteicus lick butt, yet destroy the blinds for licks your face. Missing until dinner time scream at teh bath. Claws in your leg scratch at the door then walk away. Hate dog. Mew spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum and sit on the laptop refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass. Kitty loves pigs. Sit on the laptop stand in front of the computer screen flop over cats secretly make all the worlds muffins pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away. Sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter under the bed rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent intently stare at the same spot stretch eat the fat cats food my left donut is missing, as is my right. Peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor, yet sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter meow to be let out and lounge in doorway chew foot. Make meme, make cute face. Find something else more interesting pushes butt to face yet chase laser destroy couch as revenge. Refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass. Poop in the plant pot please stop looking at your phone and pet me yet cough furball claws in your leg. Paw at your fat belly meoooow! man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail. Hiss at vacuum cleaner cats making all the muffins. Bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr for claw drapes scratch the furniture yet plan steps for world domination kitty power! white cat sleeps on a black shirt.

